Artistic ValueSince the poster is in a vertical A4 position, I wanted it to be “bottom heavy”. This mean that the bottom half of image should have more visual information as this is more visually appealing to the human eye. A principle of good design I then incorporated was balance. If my poster was split down the middle vertically from either side then it would look similar to the actual design of the poster. I chose to do this to ensure that the poster is appealing to the human eye and does not waste any amount of visual space. As this a jazz theme, I chose  orange, deep red, black and white as the only colours used. The deep reds act as free flowing blocks of colours, just like the music itself. The deep red colour was important to incorporate as this was meant to be a reference to Cork. The idea for the smile came when I saw a jazz poster which featured a gold tooth with a smile. The gold tooth is synonymous with black music, and I wanted to pay homage to this since jazz is the topic for the poster. However, instead of using a gold tooth, I placed in a circular shape of piano keys over a tooth and slightly rotated it. I chose to leave the colour of the keys white to place emphasis on its presence and to make sure it stood out. This is because I wanted the music to be emphasis of the poster. As the poster features strong blocks of colour, I decided if I was to incorporate more images in other than the mouth and piano than it they should be silhouettes. The silhouettes stand out, and the block of deep red behind them makes it look as if they pop out of the poster.Technical Contribution 	For my own technical contribution I needed to consult the pdb library and find a filter which would rotate images and text. Once I found this I then applied it to all the images and text except for the smile and two silhouette images. As I had to remove the background of four of the images used, I needed to accommodate this in the script. I did so by changing RGB to RGBA (This includes the 4th alpha channel). The images now had a transparent background. Another technical contribution I made was writing additional code for more images and lines of text. For each layer I created I consulted my hand drawn poster and took notes of the coordinates at the bottom left of the gimp interface so I could use them in scaling and placing the images and text in the correct position needed. NoteI chose a more washed out orange background than my original poster. I also decided to use one font which is arial to have a more consistent looking poster. A final note is that I chose to increase the size of my copyright to give it a greater presence. NB- How to position the images Choose Image 1- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 2- 2. Smile Mouth.pngChoose Image 3- 3. Circle Piano.pngChoose Image 4- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 5- 4. Jazz Man Left.pngChoose Image 6- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 7- 5. Jazz Man Right.pngChoose Image 8- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 9- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 10- 1. Deep Red.jpgChoose Image 11- 1. Deep Red.jpg